# cs210
school projects
I was tasked by Chada Tech to create a program in C++ for corner grocer. The program consists of data tracking. The program analyses the text records generated in a day of sales from items purchased in chronological order since the store opened until it closes the file was provided for me by the profesor. The main problem it solved was providing users with a simple, file-based system to log items, view purchase frequencies, and generate reports efficiently. I think I did most well in designing a program that is easy to read. going back and reading it after 3 weeks I can easily see what each class does and be able to expand on it with my teachers notes. I can make it better by fixing my formula becouse it is creating a wrong answer, by Adding monthly earned interest in a loop that iterates from 1 till 12 to calculate yearly earned interest and updates balance. 
File Handling was a challenge, every time I added something new it would make my program loop or crash, an online advisor from SNHU Academic support told me to teste different edges cases like empty files, missing files, and incorrectly formatted data.  Im gonna use my new understanding of class design and debugging skills for the projects in my next classes. 
In this project I I focused on making a class where I could add new features and writing clear, well-commented code that I could understand, and now that its on GitHub I hope other people are able to understand it and also future me if I come back to read it. Going back to the features if I wanted to add something in the future, I imagine something like prices, it is easy to add to the existing programs. I just need to create new variables and methods and store them in the class.
